Víctor Manuel Vargas was born in Córdoba, Spain. He received the degree of Computer Engineering from the University of Córdoba, Spain, in 2018, and his Artificial Intelligence Master's Degree at the International University of Menéndez Pelayo, Spain, in 2019. He is currently studying his Ph.D. degree at the University of Córdoba. He is a member of the AYRNA group of the Department of Computer Science and Numerical Analysis of the University of Córdoba. His current research interests include deep neural networks and their applications to image classification on ordinal problems. Also, he has been working on the applications of metaheuristics to configure the architecture of deep learning models.

Pedro Antonio Gutiérrez received the B.S. degree in computer science from the University of Sevilla (Spain) in 2006, and the Ph.D. degree in computer science and artificial intelligence from the University of Granada (Spain) in 2009. He is currently an Assistant Professor with the Department of Computer Science and Numerical Analysis, University of Córdoba (Spain).
His research interests are in the areas of supervised learning, evolutionary artificial neural networks, ordinal classification and the application of these techniques to different real world problems, including precision agriculture, renewable energy, climatology and biomedicine, among others. He serves on the Editorial board for the journals IEEE Transaction on Neural Networks and Learning Systems and Progress in Artificial Intelligence and on the organization/program committees of several computational intelligence conferences.

César Hervás-Martínez was born in Cuenca, Spain. He received the B.S. degree in statistics and operations research from the Universidad Complutense de Madrid, Madrid, Spain, in 1978, and the Ph.D. degree in mathematics from the University of Seville, Seville, Spain, in 1986. He is currently a Professor of Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence with the Department of Computer Science and Numerical Analysis, University of Córdoba, Córdoba, Spain, and an Associate Professor with the Department of Mathematics and Engineering, Loyola University Andalucía, Spain. His current research interests include neural networks, evolutionary computation, and the modelling of natural systems.